
--- PAGE 1 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
1 
 
 
 
BANNARI AMMAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(Autonomous Institution, Affiliated to Anna University, Chennai) 
Sathyamangalam, Erode District – 638 401, Tamil Nadu 
 
 
ACADEMIC REGULATIONS 2022 
UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMMES (UG) 
 
B.E. / B.Tech. Programmes  
Applicable to the students admitted in B.E. / B.Tech. Programmes, offered by 
Bannari Amman Institute of Technology (Autonomous), from the 
Academic Year 2022 – 2023 
 
  


--- PAGE 2 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
2 
 
 
 
BANNARI AMMAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, SATHYAMANGALAM 
REGULATIONS 2022 
(CHOICE BASED CREDIT SYSTEM) 
(Common to all B.E./B.Tech. Degree Programmes) 
 
 
Regulations 2022 have been prepared in accordance with the guidelines given by the 
University Grants Commission, All India Council for Technical Education and affiliating 
Universities incorporating the features of the Choice Based Credit System (CBCS). The 
Regulations 2022 is applicable to the candidates admitted to the Bachelor of Engineering 
(B.E.) / Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) Degree Programmes of the Institution in the 
Academic Year 2022 -2023 for Re gular admission (Academic Year 2023 -2024 for 
Lateral Entry) and subsequently. 
 
The regulations hereunder are subjected to amendments as may be decided by the 
Academic Council of the Institution from  time to time. Any or all such amendments will 
be effective from such date and to such batches of students (including those  already in 
the middle of the programme) as may be decided by the Academic Council. 
 
1. ADMISSION 
Candidate, seeking admission to the B.E./B.Tech. Programme, shall satisfy the 
conditions of admi ssion prescribed by the Directorate of Technical Education (DoTE) 
and Anna University, Chennai as given below. 
1.1 Regular Admission 
Candidates, for admission to the first semester of the eight semesters B.E./B.Tech. 
Degree Programmes, shall be required to have passed: 
Higher Secondary Examination (10 +2) of curriculum (Regular Academic Stream) 
prescribed by the Government of Tamil Nadu with Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry 
as three of the four subjects of the study prescribed under Part -III or any other 
examinations of any Board or University or authority accepted by the Syndicate  of the 
University / DoTE, Chennai as equivalent thereto. 
(or) 
Should have passed Higher Secondary Examination of Vocational Stream 
(Engineering/Technology), prescribed by the Government of Tamil Nadu. 

--- PAGE 3 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
3 
 
 
 
1.2 Lateral Entry Admission 
1.2.1 The candidates who possess Diploma in Engineering / Technology awarded by the State 
Board of Technical Education and Training, Tamil Nadu or its equivalent are eligible to 
apply for lateral Entry admission to the third semester of B.E. / B.Tech. programmes in 
the branch of study as per the eligibility criteria prescribed by the DoTE from time to 
time. 
(or) 
The candidates who  possess the Bachelor Degree in Science (B.Sc.) (10+2+3 stream) 
with Mathematics as a subject in B.Sc. is eligible to apply for lateral entry admission to 
the third semester of B.E./B.Tech. programmes, as  per the eligibility criteria prescribed 
by the DoTE from time to time. Such candidates shall undergo two additional 
Engineering subject(s) one each in third and fourth semesters, as bridge courses. 
 
2. PROGRAMMES OFFERED 
A candidate may be offered admission to any one of the programmes offered by the 
Institution for the candidates specified in  Clause 1.1 and as per the eligibility criteria of 
DoTE for the candidates under Clause 1.2 from the list given below: 
B. E. Programmes 
1. Biomedical Engineering 
2. Civil Engineering 
3. Computer Science and Design 
4. Computer Science and Engineering 
5. Electrical and Electronics Engineering 
6. Electronics and Communication Engineering 
7. Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering 
8. Information Science and Engineering 
9. Mechanical Engineering 
10. Mechatronics 
B. Tech. Programmes 
1. Agricultural Engineering 
2. Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 
3. Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 
4. Biotechnology 

--- PAGE 4 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
4 
 
 
5. Computer Science and Business Systems 
6. Computer Technology 
7. Fashion Technology 
8. Food Technology 
9. Information Technology 
10. Textile Technology 
 
 
3. STRUCTURE OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
3.1 Every programme shall have a distinct curriculum with syllabi consisting of theory, 
laboratory, project, soft-skills and personality development courses, as prescribed by the 
respective Boards of Studies, broadly categorized under: 
Basic Science (BS) courses including Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry and further 
specialization in these subjects 
Engineering Science (ES) courses including Engineering Graphics, Basics of Electrical 
/ Electronics / Civil / Mechanical, Engineering Mechanics and Computer Programming. 
Humanities and Social Sciences (HSS) courses including Language Courses, 
Management Courses, Soft Skills and Professional Ethics. 
Professional Courses(PC) include Discipline Core Courses, Professional Electives, and 
Open Electives. 
Employability Enhancement Courses (EEC) includes Project Work, Mini Project and 
/or Internship, Seminar, Indus trial /Practical Training, Startup Management, Value 
Added, and Certificate Courses. 
The medium of instruction is English for all the  Courses (except Tamil), examinations, 
seminar presentation, projects, and any other courses that a student registers for. 
3.2 Each course is normally assigned a certain number of credits based on the following. 
 
Contact period per week Credit(s) 
1 Lecture / 1 Tutorial period 1 
2 laboratory Periods (Laboratory / Seminar / Project Work / etc.) 1 
 
3.3 All the B.E. / B.Tech. Students will study Communicative English I during the first 
semester. In the second semester, they will be provided an option to enroll and 

--- PAGE 5 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
5 
 
 
study Communicative English II / German / Japanese / French / Hindi. while the lower 
segment will study Communicative English II. 
3.4 Every student shall be required to opt for 10 electives from the list of electives. Students 
can opt for the electives (Core / Professional) from his / her own discipline courses, 
during IV to VII Semesters, if he/she satisfies the prerequisite for that particular course. 
3.5 However, out of ten electives, every student shall be required to  opt for, a minimum of 
one and subject to a maximum of three courses as open electives from the list of electives 
of the branch / branches other  than his / her branch of specialization, if he/she satisfies 
the prerequisite for that particular course. The course / content should not be covered in 
their own curriculum and syllabi. 
3.6 Students can also opt for one-credit courses of 15 to 20 hours duration , which will be 
offered by the experts from the industry on specialised topics. Students can opt for such 
one-credit courses during the semesters I to VI as  and when these courses are offered. 
A student will also be permitted to register the one-credit courses offered by other 
departments, provided the student has fulfilled the necessary prerequisites or the courses 
that may not require any prerequisites. Under no circumstances, the same one credit 
course shall be repeated in subsequent semesters in any department / centre for the same 
batch of the students and a maximum batch size for a given course shall not exceed 40. 
In case of disciplines  with multiple divisions (intake more than 60) multiple batches/ 
different course(s) shall be offered to other batch(es) of students. 
On successful completion of one credit courses, credits will be indicated in the grade 
sheet, but will not be considered for computing the Cumulative Grade Point Average 
(CGPA). However, if a student wishes to avail the exemp tion from any one of the 
electives (other than open elective) of the semester VII, he / she can do so by exercising 
his / her option in writing to the respective Head of the Department during the beginning 
of the VII semester, following the equivalence norm, that one regular elective (in the 
VII Semester) is equivalent to three one-credit courses completed by the student during 
the previous semesters, III to VI. Details of the one credit courses offered by the 
department shall be forwarded to the Office of the Controller of Examinations. However, 
one credit courses completed during I to II  semesters shall be maintained in the Grade 
sheet as “Additional credits earned” (not considered for the computation of 
SGPA/CGPA). 

--- PAGE 6 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
6 
 
 
3.7 A student can register for Self -Study Elective(s) over and above the electives from any 
branch of Engineering / Technology at t he rate of one per semester starting from V 
semester onwards provided he/she maintains a Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) 
of 8.50 or above till the previous semesters with no current arrears. Credits will be 
indicated for such  courses in the grade sheets (additional credits) but will not be 
considered for computing the CGPA. 
3.8 A Student may be permitted to credit three online courses with the approval of the 
Departmental Consultative Committee constituted by the Head of the Department, 
subject to a maxim um of 9 credits. The Head of the Institution shall form a  3-member 
committee with one of the members as HoD and two  senior faculty members to ensure 
that the student has not studied such courses and would not repeat it again as Professional 
Core/Professional Elective/Open Elective courses. A student can get exemption for a 
maximum of 9 credits (refer amendments of R2022 approved in 29 th ACM) during the 
entire programme (in lieu of core elective or open elective). These online courses shall 
be chosen from the SWAYAM NPTEL platform, provided the offering organisation 
conducts regular examination and provides marks. The credits earned shall be transferred 
and the marks earned shall be converted into grades and transferred, provided the student 
has passed in the examination as per the norms of the offering organisation. 
For online courses the following grading pattern is applicable in case of credit 
transfer and CGPA calculations 
Range of percentage of total 
marks 
Letter 
Grade 
Grade 
Point 
91 - 100 O 10 
81 - 90 A+ 9 
71 - 80 A 8 
61 - 70 B+ 7 
51 - 60 B 6 
40-50 C 5 
< 40 U 0 

--- PAGE 7 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
7 
 
 
3.9 Industrial Training / Internship 
The students may undergo Industrial training / Internship optionally for a period as 
specified in the table during summer /  winter vacation and the credits earned will be 
indicated in the grade sheet. If the student earns three credits in Industrial Training / 
Internship, the student may drop Professional Elective subjected  to a maximum of one. 
In such cases, Industrial Training / Internship need  to be undergone continuously from 
one organization or with a combination of one two week s and one four week from 
one/two organizations. However, if the number of credits earned is 1 or 2, these credits 
shall not be considered for  classification of the degree. The students may  also undergo 
Internship at Research organization / University (after due approval from the Department 
Consultative Committee) during summer / winter vacation. 
 
Duration of Training / Internship Credit(s) 
2 Weeks 1 
4 Weeks 2 
6 Weeks 3 
 
3.10 Mandatory courses 
The student shall study the mandatory courses  prescribed by the institute which will be 
mentioned in the Grade Sheet. However, it will not be considered for computation of 
CGPA. 
For the students who complete  the Mandatory Course satisfying the attendance 
requirement, the title of the Mandatory Course will be mentioned in the Grade Sheet. 
3.11 Choice of Professional Elective Courses 
The professional Elective Courses are listed in the Curriculum in Table format as 
verticals (Specialisation groups). A student can choose all the Professional Elective 
Courses either from one of the verticals or a combination of courses from all verticals in 
a semester. However, students irrespective of enrolling for additional Insertion  of New 
Clause 6.3 are not permitted  to choose more than one course from a row. Students are 
permitted to enroll in more than one elective course from the same vertical in a semester. 
In the subsequent semesters students are permitted to enroll  one more course in a row, 
provided if he/she has cleared the earlier course of the same row. For a professional 

--- PAGE 8 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
8 
 
 
elective course and  open elective course, the minimum number of students enrolment 
permitted shall be 10. However, the minimum number is not applicable for  students 
enrolling B.E. / B. Tech. (Hons) and B.E. / B. Tech. Minor. For the offer of each 
professional elective at least two choices shall be offered. 
 
4. VALUE ADDED COURSES 
A student can opt for the Value Added Courses offered by the various departments from 
semester II to VII.A separate certificate will be issued on successful completion  of the 
value added course by the competent authority. 
 
5. DURATION OF THE PROGRAMME 
5.1 A regular student (admitted after 10+2) or equivalent is normally expected to 
satisfactorily fulfil the requirements for award of the degree B.E. /  B.Tech. within four 
academic years (8 semesters) from the date of admission but in any case not more than 7 
years (14 Semesters); lateral  entry students shall fulfil such requirements within three 
academic years (6 semesters) from the date of admission  but in any case not more than 
six years (12 semesters) leading to the award of Degree of Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) 
/ Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) of Anna University, Chennai. 
5.2 The total perio d for completion of the programme from the commencement of the 
semester, to which the student was admitted, shall not exceed the maximum period 
(Clause 5.1), regardless to the break-of-study (vide Clause 15) or period of prevention in 
order. 
5.3 Each semester shall consist of minimum 75 working days. Head of the Department shall 
ensure that every  faculty member teaches the course as prescribed in the approved 
curriculum and syllabi. 
5.4 Special Theory / Practical Sessions may be conducted for students who require additional 
inputs (remedial classes) over and above the number of periods normally specified, as 
decided by the Head of the Department, within the specified duration of the semester / 
programme. 
 
6. COURSE ENROLLMENT AND REGISTRATION 
6.1 Each student, on admission  shall be assigned to a faculty advisor (vide Clause 8) who 
shall advise / counsel the student about the details of the  academic programme and the 
choice of course(s) considering the student’s academic background and career objectives. 

--- PAGE 9 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
9 
 
 
6.2 Each student shall register for all courses to be undergone in the curriculum of a particular 
semester (with the facility to drop courses to a maximum of 8 credits (vide clause 6.6)). 
The courses dropped in earlier semesters can be registered in the subsequent semesters 
when offered. 
Every student shall enrol for the courses of the succeeding semester, in the current 
semester. However, the student shall confirm the enrolment by registering for the courses 
within the first five working days after the commencement of the semester concerned. 
6.3 The courses that a student registers in a particular semester may include 
i. Courses of the current semester. 
ii. Courses dropped in the lower semesters 
6.4 The maximum number of credits that can be registered in a semester is 30. However, this 
does not include the number of Re -appearance (RA) and Withdrawal (W) courses 
registered by the student for the appearance of the examination. 
6.4.1 From the V to VIII semesters, the student has the option of registering for additional 
courses in a semester. With regard to enrolling for B.E. / B. Tech. (Hons) or B.E. / B. 
Tech. Minor. Maximum number of credits enrolled in a semester  (Honours and Minor) 
shall not exceed 36. The online courses registered for B.E. / B. Tech. (Hons.) and B.E. / 
B. Tech. minor shall be over and above this 36 credits. 
6.5 Flexibility to Add or Drop Courses 
6.5.1 A student has to earn the total number of credits specified in the curriculum of the 
respective programme of study in order to be eligible to obtain the degree. However, if a 
student wishes, the student is permitted to earn more than the  total number of credits 
prescribed in the curriculum by opting for one credit courses, self -study electives, or 
additional courses. 
6.5.2 From the III to VII semesters (from IV to VII semesters in case of lateral entry students), 
the student has the option of registering for additional courses or dropping existing 
courses. The total number of credits that a student can add or drop is limited to 8, subject 
to a maximum of 2 courses in a given Semester. In such cases, the attendance requirement 
as stated in Clause 7 is mandatory. 
6.5.3 The student shall register Project work I in semester VII and Project work II in semester 
VIII only. 
6.6 Reappearance Registration 
6.6.1 If a student fails in a theory course, the student shall do reappearance registration 
(examination) for that course in the subsequent semesters or when it is offered next. 

--- PAGE 10 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
10 
 
 
6.6.2 On registration, a student may attend the classes for the reappearance registration 
courses, if the student wishes, and the attendance requireme nt (vide Clause 7) is not 
compulsory for such courses. 
6.6.3 If the theory course, in which the student has failed, is either a professional elective or an 
open elective, the student may register for Semester End Examinations of the same 
professional elective or open elective course, respectively in the subsequent semesters. 
6.6.4 In this case (Clause 6.6.3), the student shall attend the classes, satisfy the attendance 
requirements (vide Clause 7), earn Continuous Assessment marks and appear for the 
Semester End Examination. 
6.6.5 The student who fails in any continuous assessment courses shall register for the same in 
the subsequent semesters or when offered next, and repeat the course as per Clause 6.6.4. 
6.6.6 If a student is prevented from writing the Semester End Examination  of courses due to 
lack of attendance, the student has to repeat the semester when it is offered next time. 
 
7. REQUIREMENTS FOR APPEARING FOR THE SEMESTER END 
EXAMINATIONS OF A COURSE 
A student who has fulfilled the following conditions (vide Clause 7.1  and 7.2) shall be 
deemed to have satisfied the attendance requirements for appearing for Semester End 
Examination of a particular course. 
7.1 Every student is expected to attend all the periods and earn 100% attendance. However, 
a student shall secure not less than 80% overall attendance. 
7.2 If a student, secures overall attendance between 70% and less than  80%) in the current 
semester due to medical reasons (prolonged hospitalization / accident / specific illness) 
or participation in Institution/ University/ State/ National/ International level extra and 
co-curricular activities, with prior permission from the Head of the Department, shall be 
permitted to appear for the current semester examinations subject to the condition that 
the student shall submit the medical certificate / participation certificate attested by the 
Head of the Institution (along with condonation form). Such certificates along with the 
condonation forms shall be forwarded to the Office of the Controller of Examinations for 
verification and permiss ion to attend the examinations. However, during the entire 
programme of study, a student can avail such condonation in any two semesters only. 
7.3 A student shall normally be permitted to appear for Semester End Examination of the 
course(s) if the student has satisfied the attendance requirements (vide Clause 7.1 – 7.2) 
and has registered for examination in those courses of that semester by paying the 

--- PAGE 11 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
11 
 
 
prescribed fee. 
7.4 Students who do not satisfy Clause 7.1 and 7.2 and who secure less than 70% overall 
attendance would not be permitted to move  to the higher semester and has to repeat the 
current semester in the next academic year as per the norms prescribed. 
7.5 In the case of reappearance (Arrear) registration for a course, the attendance requirement 
as mentioned in Clauses 7.1 - 7.3 is not applicable. However, the student has to register 
for examination in that course by paying the prescribed fee. 
7.6 A student who has already appeared for a course in a semester and passed the 
examination is not entitled to reappear in the same course for improvement of grades. 
 
8. FACULTY ADVISOR 
To help the students in planning their courses of study and for general advice on the 
academic programme, the Head of the Department will attach a certain number of 
students to a faculty member of the department who shall function as faculty advisor for 
those students. The faculty advisor shall advise and guide the students in registering of 
courses, reappearance of courses, monitor their attendance and progress and counsel them 
periodically. The fa culty advisor also discusses with or informs  the parents about the 
progress / performance of the students concerned. 
The responsibilities of the faculty advisor are: 
● To inform the students about the various facilities and activities available to 
enhance the student’s curricular and co-curricular activities. 
● To guide student enrolment and registration of the courses. 
● To authorize the final registration of the courses at the beginning of each 
semester. 
● To monitor the academic and general performance of the students including 
attendance and to counsel them accordingly. 
 
9. COMMITTEES 
9.1 Common Course Committee 
9.1.1 A theory course handled by more than one faculty member including the discipline with 
multiple divisions (greater than or equal to 2 ) shall have a “Common Course Committee” 
comprising of all members of faculty teaching that course with one  of the members as 
the Course Coordinator, nominated by the Head of the Institution (Head of the 
Department in the case of multiple divisions of a discipline) and student r epresentatives 
(one per specialization or division) registered for that course in the current semester. First 

--- PAGE 12 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
12 
 
 
meeting of the Common Course  Committee shall be held within fifteen days from the  
date of commencement of the semester. Two subsequent meetings in a semester may be 
held at suitable intervals. During these meetings, the student members shall meaningfully 
interact and express their opinions and suggestions of all the students to improve the 
effectiveness of the teaching learning process. It is the re sponsibility of the student 
representatives to convey the proceedings of these meetings to all the students. 
9.1.2 In addition to this, Common Course Committee (without the student representatives) 
shall meet to ensure uniform evaluation through the common question papers during 
continuous assessment and Semester End Examinations. 
9.2 Class Committee Meeting 
For all the courses taught, prescribed in the curriculum, Class Committee meeting shall 
be convened thrice in a semester (first meeting within 15 days from the commencement 
of the semester and other two meetings at equal interval after the first meeting) 
comprising members of the faculty handling all the courses and two student 
representatives from the class. 
One of the members of the faculty (preferably not hand ling any courses to that class), 
nominated by the Head of the Department, shall coordinate the activities of the 
committee. During these meetings, the student members shall meaningfully interact and 
express their opinions and suggestions of all the students to improve the effectiveness 
of the teaching learning process. It  is the responsibility of the student representatives to 
convey the proceedings of these meetings to all other students. 
 
10. SYSTEM OF EXAMINATION 
10.1 Performance in each course of study shall be evaluated based on (i) Continuous 
Assessment throughout the semester and (ii) Semester End Examination at the end of the 
semester for the regular courses or as given in the Clause 17. 
10.2 Each course, both theory, theory with lab component and laboratory inclu ding project 
work, shall be evaluated as per the scheme of assessment given in Clause 17. 
10.3 The Semester End Examinations shall normally be conducted after satisfying the Clause 
5.2. 
10.4 For the Semester End Examinations, both theory, theory with lab component the 
internal and external examiners (from Academia) shall be appointed by the Controller 
of Examinations as per the guidelines given by the Examination cum Evaluation 
committee of the Institute. 

--- PAGE 13 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
13 
 
 
 
11. PASSING REQUIREMENTS AND PROVISIONS 
11.1 The Passing requirement for a student in a course is determined based on the marks 
obtained both in continuous assessment and Semester End Examinations. A student who 
secures not less than 50% of total marks prescribed for the course [Continuous 
Assessment + Semester End Examinat ions] with a minimum of 45% of the marks 
prescribed for the Semester End Examinations, shall be declared to have passed the 
course and acquired the relevant number of credits. 
11.1.1 If a student fails to secure a pass in a particular course, i.e., failing  to obtain minimum 
marks, as stated above, it is mandatory that he/she shall reappear for the examination in 
that course in the subsequent semester(s) whenever the  examinations are conducted for 
that course, till he / she secures a ‘Pass’. 
Continuous Assessment (CA) marks obtained by the student in the first appearance shall 
be retained and considered valid for one subsequent  attempt, except Clause 6.6.4, 6.6.5 
and 6.6.6. However, from the third attempt onwards, the student shall be declared to have 
passed the course if he/she secures a minimum of 50% in the course prescribed during 
the Semester End Examinations. 
11.2 If a candidate fails in the seventh semester examinations of Project work I, he/she has to 
resubmit the Project Report within 30 days from the date of declaration of the results. 
If he / she fails in the Semester End examination of Project work II, he/she shall resubmit 
the Project Report within 60 days from the date of declaration of the results. The 
resubmission of the project report and the subsequent  viva-voce examination will be 
considered as reappearance with payment of exam fee. In case a student  fails in the 
resubmission of a project report and subsequent viva-voce examination, the student shall 
register for the course again, when offered next. 
11.3 The passing requirement for the courses which are assessed only through continuous 
assessment (Laboratory and EEC courses except project work), shall be fixed as 
minimum 50% and the remaining grades are decided as per clause 12.4. If  a candidate 
fails in EEC courses (Except Project work), he/she has to register and repeat the course 
within 30 days from the date of declaration of the results. In case a student fails to register 
within 30 days, he/she shall register for the course again, when offered next. 
11.4 The minimum number of total credits to be earned by a student to qualify for the award 
of degree in the various branches of study as prescribed by the respective Boards of 
Studies is given below: 

--- PAGE 14 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
14 
 
 
 
 
Branch of Study 
Minimum Credits 
Regular 
Admission* 
Lateral
Entry# 
B.E. Programmes 
Biomedical Engineering 163 122 
Civil Engineering 164 123 
Computer Science and Design 163 120 
Computer Science and Engineering 163 120 
Electrical and Electronics Engineering 163 122 
Electronics and Communication 
Engineering 
163 122 
Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering 163 122 
Information Science and Engineering 162 119 
Mechanical Engineering 164 123 
*Mechatronics / #Mechatronics Engineering 165 124 
B.Tech. Programmes 
Agricultural Engineering 165 124 
Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 165 122 
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 163 120 
Biotechnology 165 124 
Computer Science and Business Systems 163 124 
Computer Technology 163 120 
Fashion Technology 163 122 
Food Technology 163 121 
Information Technology 163 120 
Textile Technology 163 122 
 
 
*-applicable to candidates admitted during the AY.:2022-2023 
#-applicable to candidates admitted during the AY.:2023-2024 onwards 
11.5 Total number of credits to be earned by the student shall be more than or equal to the 

--- PAGE 15 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
15 
 
 
total number of credits prescribed in the curriculum in force. If the credit assigned for L 
T P of the courses are not same in two Regulations under consideration, then equivalence 
shall be arrived as per the credit assignment followed in the Regulations in force. 
11.6 Student Migration and Credit Transfer: Normalization of the credits  will be carried out 
in consultation with the Board of Studies of the programme concerned and approved by 
the Head of the Institution, if a student migrates from other affiliated institutions to 
Bannari Amman Institution of Technology or rejoins from previous regulation to this 
regulation. 
11.7 A student shall be declared to have qualified for  award of B.E/B.Tech. degree if he/she 
successfully completes the course requirements (vide Clause 7, 10 and 11) and passed all 
the prescribed courses of study of the respective programme (listed in Clause 2), within 
the duration specified in Clause 5.1. 
 
12. ASSESSMENT AND AWARD OF LETTER GRADES 
12.1 The assessment shall be based on the performance in the Semester End Examinations 
and/or Continuous Assessments, carrying marks as specified in Clause 17. Letter Grades 
(based on Credits and Grades) are awarded to the students based on the performance in 
the evaluation process. 
12.2 Credit Point is the product of Grade Point and the number of credits for a course and 
Grade Point is a numerical weight allotted to each letter grade on a 10 -point scale (as 
specified in Clause 1 2.4), while the Letter Grade is an index of the performance of a 
student in a said course. 
12.3 a. Relative Grading 
The students’ strength is greater than 30, the relative grading  method shall be adopted. 
The relative grading system shall not be applicable for laboratory, project works and 
continuous assessment courses. 
b. Absolute Grading  
If the students’ strength is less than or equal to 30 then the absolute grading system shall 
be followed with the grade range as specified below. 
 
O A+ A B+ B C U 
91-100 81- 90 71- 80   61-70 56- 60 50–55 <50 
 

--- PAGE 16 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
16 
 
 
12.4 The performance of a student will be reported using Letter Grades, each carrying certain 
points as detailed below . A student who earns a minimum of 5 grade points in a course 
is declared to have successfully passed the course. 
 
Description Letter 
Grade 
Grade 
Points 
Outstanding O 10 
Excellent A + 9 
Very Good A 8 
Good B + 7 
Average B 6 
Satisfactory C 5 
Reappearance U 0 
Withdrawal W 0 
Absent AB 0 
Shortage of 
Attendance SA 0 
 
                  ‘U’    --- Reappearance is required for that particular course 
‘SA’ --- Shortage of attendance (Clause 7) and hence prevented from writing 
end semester examination. 
      12.5    After completion of the evaluation process, Semester Grade Point Average (SGPA),  
                   and the Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) are calculated using the formula: 
 
 
 Where 
 : Credit allotted to the course. 
 : Grade Point secured corresponding to the course. 
 n  : number of courses successfully cleared during the particular   
            semester in the case of SGPA and all the semesters, under  
             consideration, in the case CGPA. 


--- PAGE 17 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
17 
 
 
RA grades will be excluded for calculating SGPA and CGPA. 
12.6   A student who does not appear for the Semester End Examinations in a course, after  
          registering for the same, shall be deemed to have appeared for that examination for  
          the purpose of classification (Subject to Clause 14 and 15). 
12.7   For the non-credit courses grades shall be indicated as given in Clause 17 and shall  
          not be counted for the computation of SGPA/CGPA. 
 For  the co-curricular activities such as NCC / NSS / NSO / YRC etc.., a completed  
 status will appear in the grade sheet. Every student shall put in a minimum of 75%  
 attendance in the training and attend the camp compulsorily. The training and camp  
 shall be completed before registering for the fifth semester courses. A completed  
 status in the co-curricular activities is compulsory for the award of a degree. 
       12.8   Revaluation: A student, who seeks the revaluation of th e answer script, is directed to 
apply through proper application to the Office of the Controller of Examinations in the 
prescribed format through the Head of the Department. The Office of the Controller of 
Examinations shall arrange for the revaluation and declare the results. Revaluation is 
not permitted for the courses other than theory courses. In the case of theory courses 
with laboratory component, a student can seek revaluation for the theory component only, 
following the procedure stated above. 
  12.9     Eligibility for the Award of Degree 
  A student shall be declared to be eligible for the award of the B.E. / B.Tech. degree    
   provided the student has 
   i. Successfully gained the required number of total credits as specified in the  
      curriculum corresponding to the student’s programme within the stipulated time. 
 ii. Successfully completed the course requirements, appeared for the Semester End    
     Examinations and passed all the courses prescribed in all the 8 semesters within a   
     maximum period of 7 years for regular / 6 years for lateral reckoned from the  
     commencement of the first semester to which the candidate was admitted. 
 iii. Successfully completed the NCC / NSS / NSO / YRC / Extra-curricular/  
      Co-curricular requirements. 
 iv. No disciplinary action is pending against the student. 
 v. The award of degree must have been approved by the Syndicate of the University. 
  12.10    Conduct of Academic Audit 
   The purpose of the academic audit is to encourage departments to evaluate the quality    

--- PAGE 18 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
18 
 
 
 of their education processes, thereby assure and regularly improve the quality of teaching 
learning process and the outputs. A regular academic  audit is conducted in the Institute 
to evaluate the performance of various departments so that the issues that need attention 
can be identified to improve th e overall quality of curriculum design, teaching learning 
process, and evaluation. The academic audits are conducted by internal and external 
academic experts. 
12.11   Conduct of Special Examination 
The special or makeup exams may be conducted for the students who missed the regular 
examination due to participation / representing the institute in various activities with prior 
permission from the Head of the Institution and the schedule may be  included in the 
academic calendar. The special or makeup exams may be conducted after the completion 
of Semester End Examinations and prior to publishing the results of semester end 
examinations. 
   12.12     In the consolidated grade sheet the CGPA earned shall be converted into Percentage of  
                 marks as follows: Percentage of Marks = CGPA × 10 
 
   13.        CLASSIFICATION OF THE DEGREE AWARDED 
For the purpose of the ‘Award of Degree’, the duration of completion of the programme 
shall be the total duration taken by a student for completing first time registration of all 
the required courses and satisfying Clause 11, regardless of the period of Break of study 
as per Clause 15 and satisfy any one of the conditions required as given below. 
   13.1       First Class with Distinction: A student who satisfies the following conditions shall be  
                 declared to have passed the examination in First class with Distinction: 
 Should have passed the examination in all the courses of all the eight semesters 
(six semesters for lateral entry students) in the student’s First Appearance within 
five years / four years for lateral, which includes authorised break of study of one 
year. Withdrawal from examination (vide Clause 15) will not be considered as an 
appearance. 
● Should have secured a CGPA of not less than 8.50 
● Should NOT have been prevented from writing Semester End Examination due 
to lack of attendance. 
 13.2      First Class: A student who satisfies the following conditions shall be declared to have  
              passed the examination in First class : 
● Should have passed the examination of all the courses within the prescribed 

--- PAGE 19 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
19 
 
 
duration as per Clauses 5 (i),  (ii), and  (iii) of the regulations. 
● Should have secured a CGPA of at least 6.50. 
● Should not have been prevented from appearing for end semester examination. 
13.3.    Second Class: All other students (not covered in clauses 13.1 and 13.2) who qualify for  
            the award of the degree shall be declared to have passed the examination in Second  
            class. 
 
14.       WITHDRAWAL FROM THE EXAMINATION 
     14.1     A student may, for valid reasons, be granted permission by the Head of the Department    
                 to withdraw from appearing in the examination in any course(s) only once during the  
                 entire duration of the degree programme. The application shall be sent to the office of  
                 the Controller of Examinations through the Head of the Institution with required  
                 documents. 
     14.2     Withdrawal application shall be valid only, if the student is eligible to write the  
                 examination as per Clause 7 and, if it is made within 10 working days before the  
                 commencement of the Semester End Examination in that course or courses and also  
                 recommended by the Head of the Department. 
     14.3     Notwithstanding the requirement of mandatory 10 working days notice, applications for 
                 withdrawal for special cases under extraordinary conditions will be considered on the  
                 merit of the case. 
     14.4      If a student withdraws a course or courses from writing Semester End       
                  Examinations, he/she shall register the same in the subsequent semester and write  
                   the Semester End Examination(s). 
     14.5      Withdrawal shall not be considered as an appearance in the examination for the  
                  eligibility of a student for First Class with Distinction or First Class. 
     14.6      Withdrawal is permitted for the Semester End Examinations in the final semester, only  
                  if the period of study of the student concerned does not exceed 5 years (for regular) / 4  
                  years (for lateral) as per clause 13.1 & 13.2. 
 
    15.         AUTHORIZED BREAK OF STUDY FROM A PROGRAMME 
    15.1       A student is permitted to go on break of study for a fixed period of one year as a  

--- PAGE 20 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
20 
 
 
                   single break in the entire course of study. 
15.2       A student is normally not permitted to break the period of study temporarily. However,  
if a student happens to discontinue the programme temporarily during the middle of 
programme of study, for reasons such as per sonal accident or hospitalization due to ill 
health or in need of health care, he/she shall apply to the Head of the Institution in 
advance, in any case, not later than the last date for registering for the semester 
examination, through the Head of the Dep artment stating the reasons for the break of 
study. However, a student detained for want of minimum attendance requirement as 
per Clause 7 shall not be considered as permitted ‘Break of Study’ and Clause 15.3 is 
not applicable for such case. 
15.3  The student is permitted to re-join the programme after the break / prevention due to  
              lack of attendance, shall be governed by the curriculum and regulations in force at the  
              time of rejoining. The students re-joining in new regulations shall apply to the  
              Academic In charge in the prescribed format through the Head of the Department at  
               the beginning of the readmitted semester itself for prescribing   
      additional/equivalent courses, if any, from any semester of the regulations in force, so  
               as to bridge the curriculum in force and the old curriculum. 
    15.4         Authorized break of study will be counted towards the duration specified for passing  
                    all the courses (vide Clause 5.1 and 5.2) and for the purpose of classification of  
                    degree (vide Clause 13). 
    15.5     The total period for completion of the programme reckoned from the commencement     
    of the first semester to which the student is admitted shall not exceed the maximum   
    period specified in Clause 5.1, irrespective of the period of break of study in order that   
    he / she may be eligible, for the award of the degree (vide Clause 13). 
    15.6        In case of valid reasons (as stated in Clause 15.2) extended break of study may be  
                   granted by the Head of the Institution for a period not more than one year in addition  
                    to the earlier authorized break of study. 
    15.7        If a student does not report back to the Institute, even after the extended break of  
                    study, the student's name shall be permanently deleted from the college enrollment.  
                   Such students are not entitled to seek readmission under any circumstances. 
 
16.    IMPLEMENTATION OF HONOURS / MINOR DEGREE 
     16.1       B.E. / B.Tech. (Hons.) 
●  The students should have earned additionally a minimum of 18 credits 

--- PAGE 21 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
21 
 
 
from more than one vertical of the same programme. 
● Should have passed all the courses in the first attempt. 
● Should have earned a minimum CGPA of 7.50. 
16.2      B.E. / B.Tech. Minor with specialisation in another discipline 
  The student should have earned additionally a minimum of 18 credits in any one of the   
   verticals of other B.E/B.Tech. programmes. 
● B.E / B.Tech. (Hons.) and B.E./B.Tech. Minor with specialisation in another 
discipline will be optional for students and the students shall be permitted to select 
any of them only. 
● B.E/B.Tech. (Hons.) or B.E./ B.Tech. Minor shall be offered by the Department 
irrespective of the number of students enrolled. 
 If the student has failed in the additional courses or faced a shortage of attendance,   
 they will not be printed in the grade sheet and will not be considered for CGPA  
 calculation and classification of degree. 
16.3       Students can earn a maximum of 6 credits in online mode (SWAYAM NPTEL  
              platform), out of these 18 credits with the approval of the Departmental Consultative  
              Committee constituted by the Head of the Department. 
     16.4       B.E./ B. Tech. (Honours) in the same discipline, B.E. / B.Tech. Honours and    
                   B.E./  B.Tech. Minor with specialisation in another discipline degrees will be  
                     optional for students. 
     16.5       For category 16.1, the students will be permitted to register for the courses from V  
Semester onwards provided the CGPA earned by the students until semester III should 
be of 7.50 and above and cleared all the courses in the first attempt. 
     16.6       For category 16.2, the students will be permitted to register the courses from semester  
                   V onwards provided the CGPA earned by the students until semester III is 7.50 and  
                   above. 
     16.7    If a student decides not to opt for Honours, after completing a certain number of  
                   additional courses, the additional courses studied shall be considered instead of the  
                   professional elective courses which are part of the curriculum. If the student has  
                    studied more number of such courses than the number of Professional Elective courses  
                    required as per the curriculum, the courses with higher grades shall be considered for  
                   the calculation of CGPA. Remaining courses shall be printed in the grade sheet,  
                   however, they will not be considered for the calculation of CGPA. 
 16.8      If a student decides not to opt for Minor degree, after completing a certain number of  

--- PAGE 22 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
22 
 
 
                   courses, the additional courses studied shall be considered instead of open elective   
                   courses which are part of the curriculum. If the student has studied more of such  
           courses than the number of open electives required as per the curriculum, the courses  
                  with higher grades shall be considered for calculation of CGPA. Remaining courses  
                   shall be printed in the grade sheet, however, they will not be considered for the  
                   calculation of CGPA. 
16.9.  If a student successfully completes all the requirements of the programme and also    
              meets the requirements of B.E. / B. Tech. (Hons) or B.E. / B. Tech. Minor but desires  
              not to opt for the additional qualification, then he/she has to submit a declaration with  
              regard to the same 30 days before the completion of VIII semester. 
16.10     Classification of the Degree Awarded 
  The conditions for First Class with Distinction, First Class, and Second Class are the  
  same as Clause 13.1, 13.2 and 13.3 except the following classification. 
  First Class: A student who satisfies the following conditions shall be declared to 
  have passed the examination in First class for the purpose of the ‘Award of Degree’,  
  of B.E. / B.Tech. Honors should have secured a CGPA of not less than 7.50.  
 
17. SCHEME OF ASSESSMENT 
Courses offered under B.E. / B.Tech. Programmes are assessed as given below: 
 
     I. COMPREHENSIVE WORK 
 
 
 
Component Marks 
Concept Application 50 
Comprehensive Interview 50 
Total Marks 100 
          
 
      
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 23 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
23 
 
 
     II. ENGINEERING DRAWING 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Exercise (Minimum 10 Exercises /Modelling) 60 
Model Examinations 40 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) - 
Total Marks 100 
 
 III.    ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE 
 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Periodical Test I 25 
Periodical Test II 25 
Innovative Practices / Case studies (50) 50 
Total Marks 100 
 
  

--- PAGE 24 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
24 
 
 
IV    HOSPITAL TRAINING 
 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Assessment by Industry 30 
Viva-voce 20 
Presentation 30 
Case Study / Report 20 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) - 
Total Marks 100 
      
      V    HUMAN VALUES AND ETHICS 
 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Periodical Test I 25 
Periodical Test II 25 
Innovative Practices / Case studies 50 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) - 
Total Marks 100 
  
VI    INDUSTRIAL TRAINING/ INTERNSHIP 
 
Component Marks 
Midterm Review 30 
Final Presentation 30 
Viva-voce 20 

--- PAGE 25 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
25 
 
 
Case Study / Report 20 
Total Marks 100 
 
VII   LABORATORY COURSES 
 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Preparation 20 
Experiment and Analysis of Results 20 
Record 10 
Test – Cycle I 25 
Test – Cycle II 25 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) - 
Total Marks 100 
 
VIII    LANGUAGE COURSES 
a.    LANGUAGE ELECTIVES - COMMUNICATIVE ENGLISH II / HINDI /  
        GERMAN / JAPANESE / FRENCH) 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Test1 
a. Listening 
b. Speaking 
c. Reading 
d. Writing 
25 
5 
10 
5 
5 
Test 2 
a. Listening 
b. Speaking 
c. Reading 
d. Writing 
25 
5 
10 
5 
5 

--- PAGE 26 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
26 
 
 
Oral Exam 50 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) - 
Total Marks 100 
 
   b.TAMIL COURSES 
 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Periodical Test 50 
Quiz/ Assignment 50 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) - 
Total Marks 100 
 
c. FOUNDATIONAL ENGLISH / SOFT SKILLS & EFFECTIVE  COMMUNICATION / 
ADVANCED ENGLISH AND TECHNICAL EXPRESSION 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Test 50 
Quiz/ Assignment 50 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) - 
Total Marks 100 
  
 
 

--- PAGE 27 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
27 
 
 
IX   MINI PROJECT I & II 
 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Review I 25 
Review II 25 
Final Presentation and Viva-voce 30 
Report 20 
Semester End Examinations (SEE)                                - 
 
Total Marks 100 
 
 
X  PROJECT WORK I 
 
 
 
Component 
Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 50 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Review I 
a. Literature Survey 
b. Identification of topic and Justification 
c. Work plan 
20 
5 
5 
10 
Review II 
a. Approach & Results 
b. Conclusion 
 
30 
15 
15 
 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) 
a. Report 
b. Presentation 
c. Viva voce 
50 
20 
20 
10 
Total Marks 100 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 28 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
28 
 
 
XI   PROJECT WORK II 
 
 
 
Component 
Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 50 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Review I 
a. Progress 
 
10 
10 
Review II 
           a.     Approach & Results 
 
10 
10 
 
Review III 
a. Conclusion & Final Presentation 
b. Report 
c. Publication of Paper in Conferences / Journals 
30 
10 
15 
5 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) 
a. Presentation 
b. Viva voce 
50 
30 
20 
Total Marks 100 
 
XII   STARTUP MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 100 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Conduct of Fieldwork / Case Studies & Report 60 
Model Examination 40 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) - 
Total Marks 100 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 29 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
29 
 
 
XIII   THEORY COURSES 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 40 
Distribution of marks for CIA 
Periodical Test I 12 
Periodical Test II 12 
Innovative Practices 16 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) 60 
Total Marks 100 
 
XIV   THEORY COURSES WITH LAB COMPONENT 
 
 
Component Marks 
Continuous Internal Assessment (CIA) 50 
Periodical Test I 15 
Periodical Test II 15 
Innovative Practices 
(Laboratory Assessment & Report) 
 
20 
Semester End Examinations (SEE) * (QP 
pattern as per (XIII)) 50 
Total Marks 100 
 
 
XV  VALUE-ADDED / CERTIFICATE COURSES 
 
Component Marks 
Daily Assessment 50 
Final Evaluation / Test 50 
Total Marks 100 
 

--- PAGE 30 ---
B.E. / B.Tech. Rules and Regulations 2022 
Approved in 25th Academic Council Meeting 
30 
 
 
Optional Test: A student becomes eligible to appear for an optional test conducted after 
the Periodical Test II, only under the following circumstances: (i) absent for Test I or 
Test II or both on account of medical reasons (hospitalization / accident / specific illness), 
or (ii) participation in the College /  University / State / National / International level 
Sports events with prior permission from the Head of the Institution and (iii) on satisfying 
the conditions (i) or (ii), the student should have registered for the Optional Test, through 
the concerned member of faculty who handles the course or through the respective Head 
of the Department, submitted to the Controller of Examinations. Such Optional Tests are 
conducted for the courses under the categories I and II courses listed above. 
18.       FIELD / INDUSTRIAL VISIT / INTERNSHIP 
In order to provide the experiential learning to the students, Head of the Department shall 
take efforts to arrange at least two industrial v isits / field visits. The students may also 
undergo in-plant training / internship during summer  / winter vacation between III and 
VII semesters. 
19.       PERSONALITY AND CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT 
Every student shall be required to undergo a minimum of 40 hours of Personality 
Development Programmes viz, NSS / NCC / YRC / YOGA / Sports and Games / 
Technical and Non-technical Club activities. The attendance of the personality and 
character development courses / events shall be maintained on the regular basis by the club 
coordinator and made available in the Office of the Controller of Examinations before 
the commencement of Semester examinations of Semester I to Semester IV. 
 
20.       DISCIPLINE 
A student is expected to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Institute and 
the affiliating University, as published from time to time. Any violations, if any, shall be 
treated as per the procedures stated thereof. 
If a student indulges in malpractice in any of the Semester End Examination / Continuous 
Assessments, he / she shall be liable for punitive action as prescribed by the Institution / 
University from time to time. 
 
21.      REVISION OF REGULATIONS, CURRICULUM AND SYLLABI 
The Institution reserves the right to revise/amend/change the Regulations, Curriculum, 
Syllabi, Scheme of Examinations through the Academic Council. 